Functional requirement:
User Registration:
The user should be able to register themselves and add the details to create the account. The details should include the
username, user mail id, user mobile number and add the password and confirm the password.
If the data is valid then and then only the user will be able to create the account. If the data is
not valid the user will not be able to create the account.

User Login:
Registered users should be able to login to the page. The user has to select the city or the
address of his current location so that the user will be able to see the nearby theatres.

Seat selection:
User should check the list and accordingly he has to go for seat allocation based on their
preference and seats available.

Payment Integration:
Enable user to Online payment page where the user will pay the amount in various payment
gateway for booking the ticket for the show.

Booking Confirmation:
User should receive the booking confirmation mail or message after successful payment and
booking with the details of mode of transportation name, time, number of seats booked by the user .

Cancellation and refund:
The user must be able to cancel the booked seats only if the terms and conditions are followed
by the user.
If the user cancels the booked tickets, they will get the refund if the criteria matches.

Reviews and Ratings:
Users should be able to give the reviews and ratings on the platform for movies, theater
services. They should be able to see the reviews and rating of other peoples based on their
experience.

User Profile:
The users must be able to check the history of his activities and personal data, and able to
update the data.

NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENT:

SECURITY:
Registered Customer will be allowed to book the tickets. Stakeholders will be able to access the
content through authentication. System would protect confidential information of stakeholder to
the system. Use proper firewall to protect servers from outside fishing, vulnerable
attacks.

RELIABLITY:
System will backup data on regular basis to avoid data loss.
During peak hours system should handle large amount of traffic and transaction without
crashing and keeping same user experience.

AVAILABLITY:
System should be available 24*7 hrs.

MAINTAINABLITY:
System should be easy to maintain and upgrade. Commercial database software will be used to
maintain system data persistence. Separate environment will be maintained for production,
testing and development.

COMPATABLITY:
System should be compatible for all devices and browsers.

ACCESSIBLITY:
Only registered customer will be able to book tickets after authenticate.
Board of director team will be able to view daily, weekly, monthly, annual business growth
through customize dashboard.

DURABLITY:
System will maintain wish list for customer. The customer will able to add shows, plays,
concerts to the wish list.

EFFICIENCY:
On holidays and festival, the maximum no of users will book tickets with the same response
times

SAFETY:
Online ticket booking portal will be secure form malicious attack, fishing payment functionalities will be
protected. It should be regularly updated with latest antivirus and online ticket booking should be
protected from outside with proper firewall.